Fix release tracks (#9175)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/fusion-releases.md

| `canary` | The latest version to be officially released | ⚠️ Most recent stable version but still undergoing thorough testing |
| `dev` | The latest development build | ❌ May be unstable; may not have passed all internal tests |

## dbt platform Fusion release tracks

> On <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, each [environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments) uses the account default or your chosen **Fusion release track**. Release tracks control how often that environment receives new Fusion builds. They're separate from the local CLI release channels in the previous section.

Reviewer: Hiya @runleonarun 

I was wondering this should link to /docs/dbt-platform-environments instead as it's a broader overview covering both development and deployment environments and is directly relevant to the context of the PR copy (environments choosing a release track)?

> For cadence, plan availability, and API values (`fusion-nightly`, `fusion-stable`, and more), see [Fusion release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks). To change the track for an environment, follow [Upgrade dbt in dbt platform](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version).

Author: ```suggestion
For cadence, plan availability, and API values (`fusion-nightly`, `fusion-stable`, and more), see [Fusion release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks). To change the release track for an environment, follow [Upgrade dbt in dbt platform](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version).
```

> For cadence, plan availability, and API values (`fusion-nightly`, `fusion-stable`, and more), see [Fusion release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks). To change the release track for an environment, follow [Upgrade dbt in dbt platform](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cadence, plan availability, and API values (`fusion-nightly`, `fusion-stable`, and more), refer to [Fusion release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks). To change the release track for an environment, follow [Upgrade dbt in dbt platform](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-platform-version).
```

:::tip Live data below is for local CLI channels

> The **Current versions** cards and full release list below pull the public Fusion manifest used for **local** installs (`dev`, `canary`, `latest`). You should use [release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks) for <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> planning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Current versions** cards and full release list below pull the public <Constant name="fusion" /> manifest used for _local_ installs (`dev`, `canary`, `latest`). You should use [release tracks](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks) for <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> planning.
```

:::

<details>
    <summary>Updating local Fusion</summary>
<p>

> The following commands apply only to **local** installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They do not change which Fusion build runs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. In  <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, you set a [Fusion release track](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment instead.

Author: ```suggestion
The following commands apply only to **local** installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They do not change which Fusion build runs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Instead, you can set a [Fusion release track](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment in  <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.
```

> The following commands apply only to **local** installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They do not change which Fusion build runs in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Instead, you can set a [Fusion release track](/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment in  <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands apply only to _local_ installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They do not affect which Fusion build your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> environments use. Instead, you can set a [Fusion release track](https://github.com/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.
```

> The following commands apply only to _local_ installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They do not affect which Fusion build your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> environments use. Instead, you can set a [Fusion release track](https://github.com/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following commands apply only to _local_ installations of <Constant name="fusion" />. They don't affect which <Constant name="fusion" /> build your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> environments use. Instead, you can set a [Fusion release track](https://github.com/docs/dbt-versions/dbt-release-tracks#fusion-release-tracks) per environment in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />.
```
